Hahahaha
Brother Hai, why are you lying on the ground?
Are you doing performance art?
Brother Hai, why are you crying?
Could it be that
Oh, no.
Why would someone dare to hit Brother Hai in our village?
I think these people don't want to live anymore
Who did Brother Hai tell his brother?
I'll clean them up one by one for you another day.
You two
Can you put me up first?
Brother Hai, who did you say hit?
Li Xiaolin what?
He dares to hit
Brother Hai, I think he ate bear fairy leopard gall
This is not daring
The question of whether to eat or not
It's this Lin Xiaolin, he's a piece of crap
He can single-handedly cross a little finger of Brother Hai
Hello
Kaige
Did you find a new porcelain touch point?
You touch your touch you touch your
I'll let you bite and beat you
You two
Now in the past
Beat him up
come out
I am responsible for
Okay, if Brother Hai speaks, then I won't hold back
Hai Ge
You just wait here.
We brothers take this breath for you
Can't you be lighter?